GraphQL over SSE documentation (#185)
mirumee/ariadne-website: docs/subscriptions.md

    ),
)
```

## Using Server-Sent Events Protocol

Instead of WebSockets, [Server-Sent Events (SSE)](https://github.com/enisdenjo/graphql-sse/blob/master/PROTOCOL.md) can be used as a transmission protocol for subscriptions. This approach uses single, long-lived HTTP connection to push data to clients.

To enable subscriptions over Server-Sent Events, initialize the `ariadne.asgi.GraphQL` app with an `ariadne.contrib.sse.GraphQLHTTPSSEHandler` instance:

```python
import asyncio

> from typing import Any, AsyncGenerator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from typing import Any, AsyncGenerator

```

To enable subscriptions over Server-Sent Events, initialize the `ariadne.asgi.GraphQL` app with an `ariadne.contrib.sse.GraphQLHTTPSSEHandler` instance:

```python
import asyncio
from typing import Any, AsyncGenerator

from ariadne import SubscriptionType, make_executable_schema, gql
from ariadne.asgi import GraphQL
from ariadne.contrib.sse import GraphQLHTTPSSEHandler

type_defs = gql("""

    type Query {
        _empty: String
    }

    type Subscription {
        counter: Int!
    }

""")

subscription = SubscriptionType()

@subscription.field("counter")
async def counter_resolver(count, info: Any) -> AsyncGenerator[int, None]:
    return count

@subscription.source("counter")
async def counter_generator(obj: Any, info: Any) -> AsyncGenerator[int, None]:
    for i in range(5):
        yield i
        await asyncio.sleep(1)

schema = make_executable_schema(type_defs, [subscription])
app = GraphQL(schema, http_handler=GraphQLHTTPSSEHandler())
```

> Subscriptions can be consumed using the [graphql-sse](https://github.com/enisdenjo/graphql-sse/) JavaScript client library or any other compatible implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SSE subscriptions can be consumed using the [graphql-sse](https://github.com/enisdenjo/graphql-sse/) JavaScript client library or any other compatible implementation.
```

> The `GraphQLHTTPSSEHandler` requires the ASGI server to work.
>

> > This handler only supports the `distinct connections mode` mode of the protocol due to Ariadne's stateless implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This handler only supports the `distinct connections` mode of the protocol due to Ariadne's stateless implementation.
```

    ),
)
```

> ## Using Server-Sent Events Protocol

Reviewer: We are using double blank line between headers for visual separation in markdown too:

```suggestion

## Using Server-Sent Events Protocol
```

> In addition to subscriptions over WebSockets, Ariadne also allows an alternative subscriptions approach, `graphql-sse`, 

Reviewer: This should be reworded and hard linebreak removed:

```
Instead of WebSockets, [Server-Sent Events (SSE)](https://github.com/enisdenjo/graphql-sse/blob/master/PROTOCOL.md) can be used as a transmission protocol for subscriptions. This approach uses single, long-lived HTTP connection to push data to clients.
```

over [Server-Sent Events](https://github.com/enisdenjo/graphql-sse/blob/master/PROTOCOL.md).
Server-Sent Events (SSE) allow servers to push data to web clients over HTTP through a single, long-lived connection.

To enable subscriptions over Server-Sent Events, initialize the `ariadne.asgi.GraphQL` app with

> a `ariadne.contrib.sse.GraphQLHTTPSSEHandler` instance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
an `ariadne.contrib.sse.GraphQLHTTPSSEHandler` instance:
```

```python
import asyncio
from typing import Any, AsyncGenerator
from ariadne import SubscriptionType, make_executable_schema, gql
from ariadne.asgi import GraphQL
from ariadne.contrib.sse import GraphQLHTTPSSEHandler

type_defs = gql("""

    type Query {
        _empty: String
    }

    type Subscription { 
        counter: Int!
    }

""")

subscription = SubscriptionType()

@subscription.field("counter")
async def counter_resolver(count, info: Any) -> AsyncGenerator[int, None]:
    return count

@subscription.source("counter")
async def counter_generator(obj: Any, info: Any) -> AsyncGenerator[int, None]:
    for i in range(5):
        yield i
        await asyncio.sleep(1)

schema = make_executable_schema(type_defs, [subscription])
app = GraphQL(schema, http_handler=GraphQLHTTPSSEHandler())
```

Subscriptions can be consumed using the [graphql-sse](https://github.com/enisdenjo/graphql-sse/) JavaScript client
library or any other compatible implementation.

> > The `GraphQLHTTPSSEHandler` only supports asynchronous servers, due to the nature of subscriptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The `GraphQLHTTPSSEHandler` requires the ASGI server to work.
```
